Add gen_slot_name note (#6220)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/3.7/pglogical/subscriptions/index.mdx

`gen_slot_name` then pass it as the `slot_name` parameter to
`create_subscription`.

!!! Note pglogical.gen_slot_name

> Names passed to this function are normalized to lower-case only with no symbols. Upper-case and non-underscore symbols are replaced with underscores.

Reviewer: So upper-case letters and symbols are converted to underscores, and lower-case letters are kept as they are? 
Or are upper-case letters converted to lower-case letters, and non-undersocre symbols are replaced by underscores? If it is the first option, maybe something like this would leave no doubt:
```suggestion
This function only accepts lower-case letters and underscores. When you pass names to this function, it converts upper-case text and non-underscore symbols to underscores.
```
